{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
I chose to read the search for significance paper by Krawczyk\
\
Something that I found interesting is how there there are so many papers that basically lie or stretch the truth and say that the values are just significant when in reality they are not. \
\
There are papers where they are described as using \'93strategic rounding\'94. Rounding the p values to basically make their papers statistically significant. Some of the main threshold values if met are shown by using the \'93<\'93 sign and if not they use the = sign instead of the > sign. Main reason for all tis being that they papers that are statistically significant within a threshold value have a better chance of being published.\
\
Another thing I found interesting when using the t test, that some of these papers will use a one tail test to prove p values are lower thresholds vs a two tail test. Because the 2 tail test basically cuts their probability by half.\
\
Type 1 error is usually low, this whole papers really represents and shows examples of Type II error, where they chose to accept a false null hypothesis, and make these papers look more significant than they are. \
\
Managing type 1 and type 2 errors is not as clear. Type 1 error for the most part can be kept low with sufficient sized sample size\
\
If the null hypothesis is knocked down then the alternative hypothesis is accepted by default. if you fail to reject the null hypothesis, then it is accepted by default. }